:cutscenethirteen:
:narrator:default:After a quick jingle, they hopped on the boat and attached the submarine to the back.
:narrator:default:Following the purple streamer, it lead to a large sea tower, the entrance locked behind a door.
:narrator:default:The captain told them three spherical keys would be required to open the door to the tower.
:narrator:default:The party sailed past nearby islands, searching for where they could be...
:olivia:default:Wait, stop right here! I recognize this one.
:removecutscenethirteen:
:bg:vullemental2:
:olivia:default:Yeah! It's the house the Origami Craftsman first folded Olly and I!
:olivia:default:Oh and there's Luigi too.
:luigi:default:Sup.
:olivia:default:You guys stay out here, we'll be right back.
:fade:vullemental2:
:bg:vullemental3:
:tode:default:...Alrighty we've visited almost every island here.
:tode:default:...The lass has some little magic book?
:olivia:default:This book is more important than you think, Captain. It's actually a special kind of book that-
:tode:default:Blah blah blah... you're boring me to sleep with the details...
:tode:default:Anyway...
:tode:default:While she was out on her boring visit I think I figured out where the stone keys may lie.
:tode:default:Just somewhere 'round here.
:captain:default:You might want to check using the sub, I'm not seeing any land up here.
:fade:vullemental3:
:bg:vullemental4:
:olivia:default:Oh goodness the captain was right! There IS something down here!
:tode:default:These stones must be worth a fortune if they're locked up that tightly...
:fade:vullemental4:
:bg:vullemental5:
:olivia:default:Wow... this is pretty~
:tode:default:Sure is, I think I read about this years ago.
:olivia:default:Red... blue... green... Ah! Just like the holes in the door!
:tode:default:Aye, those buildings seem to be the ancient trials! It's said that only the bravest, wisest, and strongest heroes can pass them.
:fade:vullemental5:
:bg:vullemental6:
:olivia:default:Then Mario will take on the trials! 
:olivia:default:Boyfriend, why don't you take your friend and explore the Icy Mountains. We don't want to leave any stone untouched!
:bf:default:bruh...
:olivia:default:Don't worry, there's nothing to be afraid of, I'm sure you got this!
:fade:vullemental6:
:bg:vullemental7:
:sound:sandrun:
:narrator:default:They walked through the ice cavern, their steps echoing through the empty chamber.
:bg:tear:
:sound:altaropen:
:narrator:default:Mixed in with the steps however, was the occasional ungodly roar. Boyfriend knew he wasn't alone...
:fade:vullemental7:
:bg:vullemental8:
:bf:default:bep...
:narrator:default:The noises grew louder. It appeared to be aware of their presence. Boyfriend shivers, unable to tell if it's the cold or fear.
:bg:vullemental9:
:bg:tear:
:bg:flash:
:sound:altaropen:
:narrator:default:A large crash sounds as the monster lands right behind them.
:bf:default:Bah!
:narrator:default:It was one of those vellumentals Olivia had warned them about. A large folded polar bear, ready to shred them to pieces.
:bg:tear:
:bg:flash:
:sound:altaropen:
:narrator:default:It violently roared again, it's last warning that it was about to attack.
:narrator:default:Boyfriend readied himself to take out the beast the only way he knew how...